init: Add SSO with Okta documentation (#355)
pusher/docs: docs/channels/miscellaneous/sso.md

1. Click enable
1. Fill in your Okta settings in the form
    - Organization Domain: is used to verify the ownership of login email domains
    - Issuer URL: should be in the format **https://mydomain.okta.com**
    - Client ID & Client Secret: obtained from your Okta application
    - Authorize URL: defaults to **$ISSUER_URL/oauth2/default/v1/authorize**. Change as you see fit
    - Token URL: defaults to **$ISSUER_URL/oauth2/default/v1/token**. Change as you see fit
    - User Info URL: defaults to **$ISSUER_URL/oauth2/default/v1/userinfo**. Change as you see fit
1. Click Save
1. Click Start Verification.
![Okta SSO domain verification](./img/okta-sso-domain-verification.png)
1. Follow the instructions presented in the dashboard and add the TXT record to your DNS config.
![Okta SSO domain verification](./img/okta-sso-domain-verification-2.png)
**Pusher will work to verify the domain in the background.**
1. Once the domain is verified, you will see a similar message in the dashboard:

![Okta SSO domain verified](./img/okta-sso-domain-verified.png)
1. Your Okta users can visit Pusher using the Pusher Okta app in your organization's Okta dashboard.

> **Since Pusher dashboard doesn't support multi-tenancy at the moment, in order for Pusher dashboard to identify your issuer, SSO Logins can only be through the Okta dashboard Pusher app.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: Pusher dashboard doesn't support multi-tenancy at the moment. To identify your issuer, SSO logins must be initiated through the Okta dashboard using the configured Pusher app.**
```
